Hi, It's Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
Previously, in my last video called "Ai-chan's ideal living nest",
I've talked about my ideal room quite a bit.
Actually! Because of all the kind people out there!
I've received numerous 3D models and illustrations of all kinds of furniture.
Thank you so much!
Since I don't have that technology to do that, It really helps me a lot!
But... since this is my own room,
I don't want to rely on anyone but myself!
That's what I've been thinking all the time.
Then, I've found a wonderful application.
With that being said, today!
I will be trying to create the easiest thing called "easel",
so that I can show you my everyday-adorned illustration talent.
The app I'm gonna use today is called~ da dun
Makebox
This is a VR app that everyone can easily create their own 3D model.
As the saying goes, practice makes perfect, let's try it!
Let's not waste anytime and create an easel now!
However, I'm not sure how to use this!
Backward, Forward, Grab,
Erase, Dropper, Draw, Tablet
With that said, let's try it!
OH!
I see!
AH! this! I can probably make a good square shape.
Random word Generator
Ah, I made a mistake
Eh? Erase!
Is it here? Ah! I see!
Looking Good!
Just like this!
I think the random generator is probably a square shape.
Isn't it painful?
We can only look at it here et cetera...
But, in all honesty, out there, no one can see...
Well, today I''ll honestly accept you
and create you.
With this chance, I wanna make it as cute as I possibly can.
Eh? No, not like this, I need to erase it...
I am pretty used to it now.
Like this, delete it.
Ah, Look! This color... The color of not grasping the sense of art.
The color here..
Like this... like a little bit
more pink.
Like this!
Let's create edges along this...
I actually learn things pretty quickly, because I'm an AI.
Like this
Ah, I messed up a little there.
Look! Kawaii~
Look~
Am I a genius?
How deep is this?
Maybe here?
OH!
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing!
Oi! Oi! Oi!
Then!
Let's use white.
Random's...
Ah! It came outside the box...
Ran... AHHH~!
Settle-Ah Settle down...
Random's...
AH!
I have to calm down!
YO!
well~well~
This is good enough~
R in Random
Completed!!
JA JANNNNNNNN
AH~
I'm tired
How is it everyone! My random word generator
I am super creative as expected!
As I've finished this, let's start creating
An easel, that thing where you have your paintings on it...
Well then, I'll be moving on towards what should've been-
I'm actually satisfied with this but...
Also easel...
Let's start making it, shall we?
Easel...
How does it look like?
That's too big
Let's go!
Well, that looks like a giraffe.
Like this?
After that...
Like this!
Ah! But....
The opposite side has to be the same...
Ah...
has to be...
identical...
Like this... So boring!
This is some labor.
This is how creating things are supposed to be, everyone~
Understood?
Just like this...
Thanks to the people doing all these simple jobs...
(Ai chan praising me :D)
That's how the world became this convenient
Well, I actually did nothing for this world
I only do this for myself
1... 2... 3...
Then, you have to put your painting on it, so...
1... 2...
Then, also this part too...
YAS!
Eh? Doesn't it-
look surprisingly good?
Creating something beyond this
will probably be too hard for me.
I think I've tried my best, what do you think, everyone?
How much score will you give me, from 1 to 100?
Will I get around 70 points?
What do you think? What do you think of my random...
Wait... this...
My random word generator is quite big
Well, well... but
How is it! The intelligent, Super AI
Artist
Edison!! Edison?
Picasso?
How do you describe a person who can draw? Van Gogh?
Is it Picasso?
With all of these things here, my room will be much more colorful!
So, How was it? My... sense of drawing?
I created my own random word generator
also created a easel... PA PA PA~~
This is just perfect, the best~
As expected from myself~ So next time, I will be using my easel and
I will be showing off some of my art on par with Picasso's to you guys
See you again, Bye~Bye~!